## Assessment 3 - Fixed Bug Report

This assessment requires an added feature and a fixed bug in the Google Maps app that my group created for Milestone 2.  

For the bug fix, I attempted to reconfigure the javascript functions and the related HTML in a way that would result in one set of code for each map and not a duplicate set of code with numerals added to the variables to distinguish between the two code blocks. &nbsp; As it stands, the two key javascript files that load the map coordinates, and the weather and date/time data, each contain about 26 lines that replicate a block of code except that the `myDate` variable has numerals added in each file. &nbsp; To fix this, I commented out the duplicated code and I created a function called `cityWeather` to envelop the first set of that same code. &nbsp; I also modified the index.html file to call the new function. &nbsp; However, the many other steps required to achieve this objective proved too much for me to complete.

Instead, my 'bug fix' consists of decluttering the webpage (or the electron app). &nbsp; I removed the table-row-lines, added some spaces between data, incorporated a hover feature for the data rows, modified font sizes and added colours and shadow lines to make headings more obvious and interesting for the user. &nbsp; This involved changes in 3 html files - index.html, more-details.html, and more-details2.html - plus alterations to the tables in the javascript files, and to the fonts in the CSS file. &nbsp; While these modifications are merely cosmetic, they are a significant improvement from the point of view of the user. &nbsp; The basic structure of the app was effective, but it would seem cluttered and dull to most people surfing the internet for map and weather information.

__Appendix:__ &nbsp;In the process of trying to reword the javascript for my 'bug fix' I deleted some javascript which affected the '5 Day Forecast' screens. &nbsp; That is now rectified.